Your Highness, please stop eating.
Today is a grand occasion.
If you keep eating, the palace will not fit you anymore.
I have been hungry for days just for this grand occasion.
I have been starving for several days for this event.
Yu An,
Let him eat.
Candied hawthorn.
I was so foolish, not realizing you were always by my side.
Although the clues and information from Your Majesty
were given by the Empress,
only the Grandfather could bring Sun Bei into the palace.
Which Grandmother?
Grandfather Su, because the rest of the Western Xia are Southern Su.
So it's him.
It's Su Qingyun.
Why aren’t you eating the fish?
I don’t know how to eat fish.
I can’t eat it at all.
In my past life, I died because of fish.
Your Highness, you are amazing.
I am full now.
Your Majesty, you may leave now.
Who are you standing for when the soccer game is won?